that doesn't mean he's not a good player
I mean I lose games sometimes too and
I'm the best you're at the wait you're
the best so then that means you deserve
interview
well TSM is on an upswing they seem to
have resolved a lot of their issues I'm
joined right now by bjergsen with
coverage presented by Omni slash talked
a little bit about that so beer again
like it the theme these past two weeks
have been like all right
TSM TL and I don't know like CLG have
all sort of been riding their ships it
feels like you guys we're all kind of
like oh now we're seeing a lot of wins
from you what what is it about the
second half the split that's really
solving so much to you guys's issues was
it just time I think it was a big change
we did in the middle of the split where
we kind of because we had this issue of
we always knew if we were to talk about
after the game we always knew if we were
supposed to do this in this scenario and
then this but it was kind of how do we
get that out in the game and how do we
get everyone on the same page so just
who communicates what and kind of who's
gonna lead certain areas in the game and
then obviously even though we set those
rules it wasn't perfect right away but
then we finally had responsibilities and
these people could work on kind of what
they were assigned to do or what their
strengths were so that made our growth
much faster of course I can't get more
than two questions into this interview
without bringing up Mike Young who
there's like this big discussion for a
while it was like oh man like Mike Young
sucks right now but look I'm TSM Legends
they're all so nice to Mike Young like
they're helpful now now everybody seems
to be like all right it's it's Mike
Young's coming to fruition it's
happening Mike Young online what what
does that development process been like
because obviously you had like as
venomoth you came over here that were
kind of plug and play you got you got
this guy coming in so so what's it been
like over the split with him I think in
the beginning it was just all about how
to play with the team kind of how to use
your wards because when trackers knife
was in the game it was very much about
where do you place these wars depending
on what laners you have offensively
defensively in their jungle do you do it
before you form your jungle camps after
unless it's not something mike had
practice a lot or had a lot of
experience with whereas experiece went
skating these rain
/ they've been in the strikers I've met
it for so many years they they have it
down to just instinct almost but it took
Mike quite some time to kind of figure
that out but now that track is knife is
out of the game
I feel like I can really just play to
his strengths and and because the game
is a little bit more like solar hue I
think it helps a lot with transitioning
jealous from Challenger or from solar
cue into competitive and it kind of
removed one of the things that we were
struggling with us a team and then we
could just focus on Mike strength yeah
yeah you got to be careful with this tie
I was like what was it like how was it
getting Mike young into the team and
you're like it's just figuring out how
to use your wards that was the only
negative really because he's good
ganking you know but I mentality I'm
saying everyone says that you just use
your junglers awards so so we're smiling
like figuring out how to use your words
it's a big part of the game as the
gentleman where it was and now not as
much anymore now it's more focused
towards two strengths I think my point
was everyone says you turn the junglers
and Awards if you get the job that you
think I don't think about all those
haters say every time I answer a
question I just answer it however I feel
like it's the truth that's the right way
to answer it I think about what the
comments will never be it's why I didn't
think my bring out some Bjork's and then
forwards meme it might get more views
and you get more exposure so that's
that's not it but I do I just like to
reference that stuff sometimes because
it gives you a chance to respond to it
you know it's kind of nice gives you
that opportunity without you going on a
rampage you know because there's an
interesting thing if a pro player goes
and tweets something - they're haters
people are like oh he's salty if you say
something because I bring it up in an
interview they were like oh well he got
to ask the question you know it's so
nice success yeah that's why I'm about
it that's why I'm here I provide a
service you know and you guys you guys
helped me up all right going on so you
guys beat cloud nine just now echo fox
feels and seems like they're a little
bit of in a free-for-all right now what
where do you think - yes Emma it's like
are you guys up near the top are you
number one like where do you think TSM
is from a strength perspective I think
we were definitely up there I think that
it does seem like some of the top teams
are struggling team like we used to be a
top team not so much anymore
echovox is looking less consistent I
think c9 is probably still the strongest
team or perhaps the strongest team along
with us
I feel like they went with kind of a
hockey draft almost like pretty much not
having a tank playing the Blitzcrank and
things like that it seemed like they
just wanted to roll us over
maybe they underestimated us but I think
that see now and also the top three
teams are you nervous at all because
you're kind of battling for playoffs
right now which is a unique position to
be in
I don't know if nervous is is the word
but I feel pretty confident that we're
gonna make it we play GTS and CLG GOG is
actually a team that we've been
screaming at ton recently and I think it
kind of shows that we've been improving
from them and they've been improving
from us we both have good results yeah
it also means that once we play them
next week we'll know a lot about their
team and how they play how they pick and
same for them to us so be careful
because I think the temptation I've seen
this time of time and again in na LCS is
to be like CLG we've been learning a lot
they're winning a lot you know you're
like next week with face CLG I think
golden Guardians Cubs it it just throws
you out you know I'll just mention
excuse you concern upswing I think any
team can lose the golden Guardians even
even today they had a pretty big lead
they just threw it or miss played
certain parts of the map she just does
seem like a team that can show up at any
time but you can't come in under
estimating or expecting everyone from
any team and a best-of one maybe in a
best-of-three you can well I wouldn't do
this but I know other teams they take it
a little easier they try different stuff
or they they feel like they don't need
to show maybe some of their pics thing
and hide them for the future gland best
the one you really need to bring it your
all every game what do you think and
I've been talking a couple deep people
about this about clutch because like
nobody's talking about clutch they're
they're ranked number three in the LCS
right now and yet nobody brings them up
so what are your thoughts on clutch and
maybe also why they're flying a little
under the radar when we screen them they
don't look particularly strong but it
seems like one that they just really
show up on stage they they have solid
players pretty much across the board and
players like febiven and Apollo seemed
like they they know how to show up on
stage when it matters I think for me
when I don't think in this much just
because of I guess there's scrim results
and I don't feel like when we play them
that we learn a lot from them they don't
seem very proactive I don't watch all of
their games so I can't say why
they're winning but they do seem like a
top to you right now one thing that
seems to be sparking a lot of debate in
the press room right now is the
conversation around MVP and so up until
recently people were like oh yeah who
need our doc but now that echo fox is
starting to fall you know there's a
discussion about other people have I
know you don't tend to think about MVP
too much but do you feel like there's
any standout players this split
I don't watch every game so it's hard
for me to say compared to but you've
played against every player that's true
and I think that the most standout
player to me also for the last maybe one
or two years would be smoothie I think
he's consistently been the best aboard
and the LCS now for a while and I think
he does deserve that recognition and it
was really between smoothie and hoon
ikanai in my eyes but hooni has had some
worse game so I would give it to
smoothie and you I mean used beat
smoothie what does he mean he's not a
good player I mean I lose games
sometimes too and I'm the best wait
you're the best so then that means you
deserve in people no I I think the game
is very team-based and when we played
bad as a team I don't look particularly
strong and I get a lot of criticism and
once we play well as a team
I look good again and I don't think it's
because I'm playing better now that I
did early in the Swit I think it's just
our team cohesion is better and it makes
me look ten times better but smoothie is
really I feel like what makes that team
gel and what makes that team play
together well so I think that's why he
deserves a lot of recognition
how are you adapting to and feeling
about the midlane itemization changes I
mean it's really similar I don't think
it's too much of a difference you just
change up your early items and there's a
few more options which is nice you can
choose Morello if they kind of have
little magic resist or you really need
the previous wounds now but other than
that it seems fairly standard and even
though one person might build slightly
more optimal than another it hardly ever
breaks the game but for me it's a lot of
fun to have things shaken up a bit and
have some time to test new builds and
see what's good any anything in the game
right now that's annoying to you do you
like the cannon minion siege attack
scene I think they're nerfing that next
faster so that'll be nice it's pretty
stupid
honestly it's fun the audience starts I
don't know if you ever hear this
audience like count
they're like one two as like then hip
and everything slowly dying and it when
you're a barony pretty much just becomes
alright guess we don't need to hit tower
just protect the banner and we're
playing against smoothies Blitzcrank and
he just hooks the banner into town uh my
name is useless yeah but I think that as
a mid-laner playing against kha'zix is
not very fun because even though you
have words out if he has mobility boots
you can like sneak through all the
bushes and you kind of just force to
play a very passive style unless I'm
playing something like syndra where if
he does show up on my screen that little
bug I can just crush him and one shot
him but uh in a lot of games i saw a
thread with dopa like a month ago where
he just said house is so stupid he's so
broken Bennett every single game you
can't do anything and ever since then I
faced kha'zix in like every silica game
it's not a lot of fun but I think it's
just a different kind of champion I
don't think he necessarily should be
nerfed it's just not fun for a mid laner
dominate was complaining about it on
Twitter today he's like I can't believe
that they won't ever bring Shaco back
into the meta right now whenever they
let Kazakhs who's like running around
and visit all the time that way I don't
like Shaco I remember back in season 2
season 3 he was the champion I hated
playing it's the most cuz he gained gank
mid from every angle of the friggin lane
and you just have to hug your time and
hope team carries alright
so anything you want me to go back this
sir get rid of Kazakhs before you bring
Shaco back you know maybe just get rid
of jealous and just make mid lane Awami
one lane yeah that would be very nice
for you just like low stress hang out
battle 1v1 get rid of junglers okay so
is this an official suggestion from you
if I made this the headlight I knew it
would be fun or maybe like an all-stars
they have this thing where if the teams
were tied then you would play a 1v1 for
who would get the the by or who would
get through I think that'd be pretty
cool if we have a tie with someone then
I'll just pull me one their mid laner on
the right map and better mid wins so
anything you want to say to any of the
fans out there just thank you guys for
always coming out to LCS and supporting
us
I noticed that earlier in the season the
the support was a bit a bit low or I
felt a lot of chance against us because
people a lot I guess are tired of
hitting the TSM chance so they were
always cheering for the enemy team but
now that I feel like
more fans have gotten to know the new
players and the roster and song and lost
boy they have grown to like this team
and now I'm really feeling the love from
all the fans and I appreciate that yeah
well thank you so much bjergsen really
appreciate the interview for everyone
else you can check out the restaurant
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in a
folder for him so I figured now is
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell BR o di n PL e TT Brodin plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah this conference
brought to you by Omni slash